Xu Binyan went to Yuqing deep last time
The ribs were brought from the barracks to Wangying Slope
What is he trying to do?
What more powerful demon palace are you cultivating?
I have to find Xu Wei
Find out the truth as soon as possible
You dare to go to Xu Binyan's grave
Be sure to go when the sun is at its peak at 50
Lest Xu Binyan intends to harm you
But how could he?
Will it come out when the sun is at its peak?
I thought about it.
If he wants to see you
Will be possessed by the grassland
If he refuses to see you
Then wait until I go back in three days.
Ok
By the way, master
Let's be fooled by the devil this time
I also want to see Xu Binyan
There's no conspiracy.
Until the truth is found out
We can only be led by the nose by the devil child
It's a blessing, not a curse.
It's a disaster
I hope Xu Bing Yantu is a fierce ghost
Last night, the paranormal live broadcast of Fengmen Village started again.
5,000 people who watched the live stream died mysteriously
People are convinced that
Paranormal events involve supernatural phenomena
The police were at a loss.
At present, the female live streaming host of the paranormal live broadcast has been
Xiao Yuqing turns fire